docs/domain/organisation.md, before:

# Organization Domain Model

## Overview

The Organization is a top-level entity that represents a security boundary in the system. Organizations contain teams, and stakeholders can be members of multiple teams across different organizations.

### Domain Model Relationships

```mermaid
erDiagram
    Organization ||--o{ Team : contains
    Team ||--o{ Project : contains
    Project ||--o{ Decision : contains
    Stakeholder }|--o{ StakeholderTeam : "belongs to"
    StakeholderTeam }o--|| Team : "references"
    
    Organization {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string name
    }
    
    Team {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string name
        string organizationId
    }
    
    Project {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string name
        string description
        string teamId
        string organizationId
    }
    
    Decision {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string title
        string description
        string status
        string projectId
        date publishedAt
    }
    
    StakeholderTeam {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string stakeholderId
        string teamId
        string organizationId
    }
    
    Stakeholder {
        string displayName
        string email
        string photoURL
    }
```

## Domain Model

```typescript
interface OrganizationProps {
  id: string
  name: string
  teams: Team[]  // Teams are embedded within organizations
}

class Organization {
  @IsString()
  readonly id: string

  @IsString()
  @MinLength(3)
  readonly name: string

  @ValidateNested({ each: true })
  @Type(() => Team)
  readonly teams: Team[]

  private constructor(props: OrganizationProps) {
    this.id = props.id
    this.name = props.name
    this.teams = props.teams.map(t => Team.create(t))
    this.validate()
  }

  static create(props: OrganizationProps): Organization {
    return new Organization(props)
  }

  findTeam(teamId: string): Team | undefined {
    return this.teams.find(team => team.id === teamId)
  }
}
```

## Key Concepts

### Teams
- Teams are embedded within organizations
- A team belongs to exactly one organization
- Teams contain projects and their associated decisions
- Teams are the primary unit of access control

### Stakeholder Membership
```typescript
interface StakeholderTeamProps {
  id: string  // Firestore ID
  stakeholderId: string  // Firestore ID
  organizationId: string  // Firestore ID
  teamId: string  // Firestore ID
}
```
- Stakeholders can be members of multiple teams
- Organization access is derived from team membership
- Stakeholder-team relationships are stored in a separate collection

## Repository Interface

```typescript
interface OrganizationsRepository {
  create(props: Omit<OrganizationProps, 'id'>): Promise<Organization>
  getById(id: string): Promise<Organization | null>
  getForStakeholder(stakeholderId: string): Promise<Organization[]>
  update(organization: Organization): Promise<void>
  delete(id: string): Promise<void>
}
```

## Firestore Structure

```sh
organizations/
  {organizationId}/
    teams/
      {teamId}/
        projects/
          {projectId}

stakeholderTeams/
  {stakeholderTeamId}
```

## Security Rules

```typescript
rules_version = '2';
service cloud.firestore {
  match /databases/{database}/documents {
    match /organizations/{orgId} {
      // Stakeholders can read org if they belong to any team in the org
      allow read: exists(/databases/$(database)/documents/stakeholderTeams/{stakeholderTeamId}
        where stakeholderTeamId == request.auth.uid 
        && organizationId == orgId);
      
      match /teams/{teamId} {
        // Stakeholders can read team if they are a member
        allow read: exists(/databases/$(database)/documents/stakeholderTeams/{stakeholderTeamId}
          where stakeholderTeamId == request.auth.uid 
          && organizationId == orgId
          && teamId == teamId);
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Usage Examples

### Creating an Organization
```typescript
const org = Organization.create({
  id: 'org-1',
  name: 'Acme Corp',
  teams: []
})
```

### Adding a Team
```typescript
const orgWithTeam = Organization.create({
  ...org,
  teams: [
    ...org.teams,
    Team.create({
      id: 'team-1',
      name: 'Engineering',
      projects: []
    })
  ]
})
```

### Finding a Team
```typescript
const team = org.findTeam('team-1')
if (team) {
  // Team found, do something
}
```

### Repository Operations
```typescript
// Get organizations for a stakeholder
const orgs = await organizationsRepo.getForStakeholder(stakeholderId)

// Create new organization
const newOrg = await organizationsRepo.create({
  name: 'New Corp',
  teams: []
})
```

## Validation Rules

- Organization name must be at least 3 characters
- Teams must be valid Team domain objects
- Teams array can be empty but must be present

## Business Rules

1. Organizations are the top-level security boundary
2. Teams can only belong to one organization
3. Stakeholders access organizations through team membership
4. Organization names must be unique (enforced at repository level)
5. Organizations can have multiple teams
6. Organizations can be deleted only if they have no teams

## Error Handling

```typescript
class OrganizationError extends Error {
  constructor(message: string) {
    super(message)
    this.name = 'OrganizationError'
  }
}

// Usage
if (!org.teams.length) {
  throw new OrganizationError('Cannot delete organization with existing teams')
}
```

Commit message:

Implement organization management features and update related components
- Added `reflect-metadata` dependency for decorator support in TypeScript.
- Introduced `Organisation` domain model and its repository for managing organizations in Firestore.
- Refactored `TeamSwitcher` component to utilize organizations instead of teams, enhancing navigation and data handling.
- Updated `app/layout.tsx` to include reflection support for decorators.
- Modified `tsconfig.json` to enable experimental decorators and metadata emission.
- Revised documentation to reflect changes from "Organization" to "Organisation" for consistency.
- Cleaned up unused code and improved type definitions across various components and hooks.
- Updated `package.json` and `pnpm-lock.yaml` to include new dependencies and ensure proper package management.

docs/domain/organisation.md, after:

# Organization Domain Model

## Overview

The Organization is a top-level entity that represents a security boundary in the system. Organisations contain teams, and stakeholders can be members of multiple teams across different organisations.

### Domain Model Relationships

```mermaid
erDiagram
    Organization ||--o{ Team : contains
    Team ||--o{ Project : contains
    Project ||--o{ Decision : contains
    Stakeholder }|--o{ StakeholderTeam : "belongs to"
    StakeholderTeam }o--|| Team : "references"
    
    Organization {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string name
    }
    
    Team {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string name
        string organizationId
    }
    
    Project {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string name
        string description
        string teamId
        string organizationId
    }
    
    Decision {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string title
        string description
        string status
        string projectId
        date publishedAt
    }
    
    StakeholderTeam {
        string id "Firestore ID"
        string stakeholderId
        string teamId
        string organizationId
    }
    
    Stakeholder {
        string displayName
        string email
        string photoURL
    }
```

## Domain Model

```typescript
interface OrganizationProps {
  id: string
  name: string
  teams: Team[]  // Teams are embedded within organisations
}

class Organization {
  @IsString()
  readonly id: string

  @IsString()
  @MinLength(3)
  readonly name: string

  @ValidateNested({ each: true })
  @Type(() => Team)
  readonly teams: Team[]

  private constructor(props: OrganizationProps) {
    this.id = props.id
    this.name = props.name
    this.teams = props.teams.map(t => Team.create(t))
    this.validate()
  }

  static create(props: OrganizationProps): Organization {
    return new Organization(props)
  }

  findTeam(teamId: string): Team | undefined {
    return this.teams.find(team => team.id === teamId)
  }
}
```

## Key Concepts

### Teams
- Teams are embedded within organisations
- A team belongs to exactly one organization
- Teams contain projects and their associated decisions
- Teams are the primary unit of access control

### Stakeholder Membership
```typescript
interface StakeholderTeamProps {
  id: string  // Firestore ID
  stakeholderId: string  // Firestore ID
  organizationId: string  // Firestore ID
  teamId: string  // Firestore ID
}
```
- Stakeholders can be members of multiple teams
- Organization access is derived from team membership
- Stakeholder-team relationships are stored in a separate collection

## Repository Interface

```typescript
interface OrganisationsRepository {
  create(props: Omit<OrganizationProps, 'id'>): Promise<Organization>
  getById(id: string): Promise<Organization | null>
  getForStakeholder(stakeholderId: string): Promise<Organization[]>
  update(organization: Organization): Promise<void>
  delete(id: string): Promise<void>
}
```

## Firestore Structure

```sh
organisations/
  {organizationId}/
    teams/
      {teamId}/
        projects/
          {projectId}

stakeholderTeams/
  {stakeholderTeamId}
```

## Security Rules

```typescript
rules_version = '2';
service cloud.firestore {
  match /databases/{database}/documents {
    match /organisations/{orgId} {
      // Stakeholders can read org if they belong to any team in the org
      allow read: exists(/databases/$(database)/documents/stakeholderTeams/{stakeholderTeamId}
        where stakeholderTeamId == request.auth.uid 
        && organizationId == orgId);
      
      match /teams/{teamId} {
        // Stakeholders can read team if they are a member
        allow read: exists(/databases/$(database)/documents/stakeholderTeams/{stakeholderTeamId}
          where stakeholderTeamId == request.auth.uid 
          && organizationId == orgId
          && teamId == teamId);
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Usage Examples

### Creating an Organization
```typescript
const org = Organization.create({
  id: 'org-1',
  name: 'Acme Corp',
  teams: []
})
```

### Adding a Team
```typescript
const orgWithTeam = Organization.create({
  ...org,
  teams: [
    ...org.teams,
    Team.create({
      id: 'team-1',
      name: 'Engineering',
      projects: []
    })
  ]
})
```

### Finding a Team
```typescript
const team = org.findTeam('team-1')
if (team) {
  // Team found, do something
}
```

### Repository Operations
```typescript
// Get organisations for a stakeholder
const orgs = await organisationsRepo.getForStakeholder(stakeholderId)

// Create new organization
const newOrg = await organisationsRepo.create({
  name: 'New Corp',
  teams: []
})
```

## Validation Rules

- Organization name must be at least 3 characters
- Teams must be valid Team domain objects
- Teams array can be empty but must be present

## Business Rules

1. Organisations are the top-level security boundary
2. Teams can only belong to one organization
3. Stakeholders access organisations through team membership
4. Organization names must be unique (enforced at repository level)
5. Organisations can have multiple teams
6. Organisations can be deleted only if they have no teams

## Error Handling

```typescript
class OrganizationError extends Error {
  constructor(message: string) {
    super(message)
    this.name = 'OrganizationError'
  }
}

// Usage
if (!org.teams.length) {
  throw new OrganizationError('Cannot delete organization with existing teams')
}
```
